<unk> <oov>
plural_phoneme z
char_colon k O l O n
char_semicolon s E m i k O l O n
char_full_stop f u l s t_h O p_h
char_full_stop p_h O n t_h
char_hyphen-minus d a S
char_hyphen-minus m a n E s
char_comma k O m a
char_latin_small_letter_a E
char_latin_small_letter_b b i
char_latin_small_letter_c s i
char_latin_small_letter_d d i
char_latin_small_letter_e i
char_latin_small_letter_f E f
char_latin_small_letter_g d_0Z i
char_latin_small_letter_h E tS_>
char_latin_small_letter_i a
char_latin_small_letter_j d_0Z E
char_latin_small_letter_k k E
char_latin_small_letter_l E l
char_latin_small_letter_m E m
char_latin_small_letter_n E n
char_latin_small_letter_o O
char_latin_small_letter_p p_h i
char_latin_small_letter_q k j u
char_latin_small_letter_r a r
char_latin_small_letter_s E s
char_latin_small_letter_t t_h i
char_latin_small_letter_u j u
char_latin_small_letter_v v i
char_latin_small_letter_w d a b E l j u
char_latin_small_letter_x E k s
char_latin_small_letter_y w a
char_latin_small_letter_z z E t_h
char_digit_zero O
char_digit_zero z E r O
char_digit_one w a n
char_digit_two t_h u
char_digit_three f r i
char_digit_four f O r
char_digit_five f a v
char_digit_six s i k s
char_digit_seven s E v E n
char_digit_eight E t_h
char_digit_nine n a n
