plural_phoneme s
<unk> <oov>
_n @
char_pause SIL
char_full_stop p 9 n t
char_colon d 9 b @ l p 9 n t
char_semicolon k O m a p 9 n t
char_comma k O m a
char_hyphen-minus s t r i@ p
char_hyphen-minus m i n 9 s
char_latin_small_letter_a A:
char_latin_small_letter_b b i@
char_latin_small_letter_c s i@
char_latin_small_letter_d d i@
char_latin_small_letter_e i@
char_latin_small_letter_f E f
char_latin_small_letter_g x i@
char_latin_small_letter_h h\ A:
char_latin_small_letter_i i
char_latin_small_letter_j j i@
char_latin_small_letter_k k A:
char_latin_small_letter_l { l
char_latin_small_letter_m E m
char_latin_small_letter_n E n
char_latin_small_letter_o u@
char_latin_small_letter_p p i@
char_latin_small_letter_q k y
char_latin_small_letter_r { r
char_latin_small_letter_s E s
char_latin_small_letter_t t i@
char_latin_small_letter_u y
char_latin_small_letter_v f i@
char_latin_small_letter_w v i@
char_latin_small_letter_x E k s
char_latin_small_letter_y @i
char_latin_small_letter_z z E t
char_digit_zero n 9 l
char_digit_one i@ n
char_digit_two t w i@
char_digit_three d r i
char_digit_four f i r
char_digit_five f @i f
char_digit_six s E s
char_digit_seven s i@ v @
char_digit_eight a x t
char_digit_nine n i@ x @
