<unk> <oov>
char_colon k_> a l O n
char_semicolon s E m i k_> a l O n
char_full_stop f u l s t_> O p_>
char_full_stop p_> O n t_>
char_hyphen-minus l` a S
char_hyphen-minus m a n E s
char_comma k_> O m a
char_latin_small_letter_a E
char_latin_small_letter_b B i
char_latin_small_letter_c s i
char_latin_small_letter_d l` i
char_latin_small_letter_e i
char_latin_small_letter_f E f
char_latin_small_letter_g d_0Z i
char_latin_small_letter_h E tS_h
char_latin_small_letter_i a
char_latin_small_letter_j d_0Z E
char_latin_small_letter_k k_> E
char_latin_small_letter_l E l
char_latin_small_letter_m E m
char_latin_small_letter_n E n
char_latin_small_letter_o a
char_latin_small_letter_p p_> i
char_latin_small_letter_q k_> j u
char_latin_small_letter_r a r
char_latin_small_letter_s E s
char_latin_small_letter_t t_> i
char_latin_small_letter_u j u
char_latin_small_letter_v B i
char_latin_small_letter_w l` a B E l j u
char_latin_small_letter_x E k_> s
char_latin_small_letter_y w a
char_latin_small_letter_z s E t_>
char_digit_zero a
char_digit_zero s E r a
char_digit_one w a n
char_digit_two t_> u
char_digit_three f r i
char_digit_four f O r
char_digit_five f a B
char_digit_six s i k_> s
char_digit_seven s E B E n
char_digit_eight E t_>
char_digit_nine n a n
plural_phoneme s
