<unk> <oov>
char_colon k @u l Q n
char_semicolon s E m i k @u l Q n
char_full_stop f u: l s t Q p
char_full_stop p Oi n t
char_hyphen-minus d a S
char_hyphen-minus m ai n @ s
char_comma k Q m a
char_latin_small_letter_a @i
char_latin_small_letter_b b i:
char_latin_small_letter_c s i:
char_latin_small_letter_d d i:
char_latin_small_letter_e i:
char_latin_small_letter_f E f
char_latin_small_letter_g d0Z i:
char_latin_small_letter_h @i tS
char_latin_small_letter_i ai
char_latin_small_letter_j d0Z @i
char_latin_small_letter_k k @i
char_latin_small_letter_l E l
char_latin_small_letter_m E m
char_latin_small_letter_n E n
char_latin_small_letter_o @u
char_latin_small_letter_p p i:
char_latin_small_letter_q k j u:
char_latin_small_letter_r A: r\
char_latin_small_letter_s E s
char_latin_small_letter_t t i:
char_latin_small_letter_u j u:
char_latin_small_letter_v v i:
char_latin_small_letter_w d a b @ l j u:
char_latin_small_letter_x E k s
char_latin_small_letter_y w ai
char_latin_small_letter_z z E t
char_digit_zero @u
char_digit_zero z i@ r\ @u
char_digit_one w a n
char_digit_two t u:
char_digit_three T r\ i:
char_digit_four f O: r\
char_digit_five f ai v
char_digit_six s i k s
char_digit_seven s E v @ n
char_digit_eight @i t
char_digit_nine n ai n
plural_phoneme z
